feat(docs): add authors analytics manual (#48901)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/authors-analytics-manual.md

# Authors Analytics Manual

> If you are an author with access to the publication's Google Analytics Property (News), you can use this guide to view your articles engagement and search for articles by publication language."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an author with access to the publication's Google Analytics Property (News), you can use this guide to view your articles engagement and search for articles by publication language.
```

> Authors who have access to the publication's Google Analytics Property (News) can use the following guide to view their articles' engagement and search articles' analytics by publication language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following manual is for authors who have access to the Google Analytics Property (News) for their publication. It explains how to view their articles' engagement data and search for analytics by publication language.
```

> Authors who have access to the publication's Google Analytics Property (News) can use the following guide to view their articles' engagement and search articles' analytics by publication language.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are an author with access to the publication's Google Analytics Property (News), you can use this guide to view your articles engagement and search for articles by publication language."
```

> ### Search by Language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Search by Language
```

> ### Search  language

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Search by Language
```

> Use the following steps in order to search the engagement reports by a publication language:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To search for engagement reports by a specific language:
```

![Image - Show steps to search by language on googla analytics](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/images/google-analytics/search-by-language.png)

> 1. Choose `News` from the top dropdown menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. From the top dropdown menu, select `News`.
```

> 1. Click on `Reports` from the sidebar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. From the sidebar, click on Reports.
```

> 1. Select `Engagement` from the secondary sidebar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. From the secondary sidebar, select `Engagement`.
```

1. Click on `Pages and Screens`.
1. In the search bar, type the subpath for the desired language.
1. From the dropdown under the search bar, choose `Page path and screen class`.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Choose `Page path and screen class` from the dropdown under the search bar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  From the dropdown under the search bar, choose `Page path and screen class`.
```

> ### Filter Reports by Author

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Filter Reports by Author
```

> ### Filter reports by Author

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Filter Reports by Author
```

After arriving at the `Pages and Screens` reports mentioned above, use the following steps to filter the results by specific authors.

![Image - Show steps to search by language on googla analytics](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/images/google-analytics/search-by-language.png)

1. Click on the `Add filter` button.
1. From the side navigation include `Author`.

> 1. Choose an author name from the `Dimensions values` dropdown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. From the `Dimensions values` dropdown, choose an author's name.
```
